OCPBUGS-55471:fixes OVN-K external IP docs (#92754)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-networkpolicy-optimize-ovn.adoc

You can apply this optimization when only multiple selectors are expressed as one. In cases where selectors are based on different labels, it may not be possible to apply this optimization. In those cases, consider applying some new labels for network policy optimization specifically.

[id="nw-networkpolicy-external-ip-ovn_{context}"]

> == NetworkPolicy and external IPs in OVN-Kubernetes

Reviewer: Because we say "ClusterUserDefinedNetwork CR. . ." in those titles, maybe we should always put "CR" in the title to indicate the custom resource. 

```suggestion
== NetworkPolicy CR and external IPs in OVN-Kubernetes
```

> In OVN-Kubernetes, `NetworkPolicy` custom resource (CR) enforce strict isolation rules. If a service is exposed using an external IP, a network policy can block access from other namespaces unless explicitly configured.

Reviewer: For UDN/CUDN I mostly used na article

```suggestion
In OVN-Kubernetes, the `NetworkPolicy` custom resource (CR) enforces strict isolation rules. If a service is exposed using an external IP, a network policy can block access from other namespaces unless explicitly configured.
```
